Update persisent Grafana dashboard doc per Arvind's feedback (#3203)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.5/en/monitoring-alerting/persist-grafana/_index.md

{{% tabs %}}
{{% tab "Rancher v2.5.8+" %}}
### Prerequisites

- The monitoring application needs to be installed.
- You must have at least the **Manage Config Maps** Rancher RBAC permissions assigned to you in the project that contains the Grafana Dashboards namespace (e.g. cattle-dashboards by default). This correlates to the `monitoring-dashboard-edit` or `monitoring-dashboard-admin` Kubernetes native RBAC Roles exposed by the Monitoring chart.

### 1. Get the JSON model of the dashboard that you want to persist

To create a persistent dashboard, you will need to get the JSON model of the dashboard you want to persist. You can use a premade dashboard or build your own.

> To use a premade dashboard, go to [https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards,](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards) open up its detail page, and click on the **Download JSON** button to get the JSON model for the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a premade dashboard, go to [https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards), open up its detail page, and click on the **Download JSON** button to get the JSON model for the next step.
```

To use your own dashboard:

> 1. Open the Grafana dashboard. From the **Cluster Explorer,** click **Cluster Explorer > Monitoring.**

Reviewer: Should this be

```suggestion
1. Click on the link to open Grafana. From the **Cluster Explorer,** click **Cluster Explorer > Monitoring.**
```

> 1. Log in to Grafana. Note: The default Admin username and password for the Grafana instance is `admin/prom-operator`. (Regardless of who has the password, in order to access the Grafana instance, you still need at least the **Manage Services** or **View Monitoring** permissions in the Project containing the namespace that contains Grafana.) Alternative credentials can also be supplied on deploying or upgrading the chart.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to make the parenthesis a note instead via Markdown?

```suggestion
1. Log in to Grafana. Note: The default Admin username and password for the Grafana instance is `admin/prom-operator`. (Regardless of who has the password, in order to access the Grafana instance, you still need at least the **Manage Services** or **View Monitoring** permissions in the Project that Rancher Monitoring is deployed into Alternative credentials can also be supplied on deploying or upgrading the chart.)
```

1. Create a dashboard using Grafana's UI. Once complete, go to the dashboard's settings by clicking on the gear icon in the top navigation menu. In the left navigation menu, click **JSON Model.**
1. Copy the JSON data structure that appears.

### 2. Create a ConfigMap using the Grafana JSON model

Create a ConfigMap in the namespace that contains your Grafana Dashboards (e.g. cattle-dashboards by default). 

The ConfigMap should look like this:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  labels:
    grafana_dashboard: "1"
  name: <dashboard-name>
  namespace: cattle-dashboards # Change if using a non-default namespace
data:
  <dashboard-name>.json: |-
    <copied-json>
```

By default, Grafana is configured to watch all ConfigMaps with the `grafana_dashboard` label within the `cattle-dashboards` namespace.

To specify that you would like Grafana to watch for ConfigMaps across all namespaces, refer to [this section.](#configuring-namespaces-for-the-grafana-dashboard-configmap)

To create the ConfigMap in the Rancher UI,

1. Go to the Cluster Explorer.

> 1. Click **Core > ConfigMaps.**
> 1. Click **Create.**
> 1. Set up the key-value pairs similar to the example above. When entering the value for `<dashboard-name>.json`, click **Read from File** to upload the JSON data model as the value.
> 1. Click **Create.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Core > ConfigMaps**.
1. Click **Create**.
1. Set up the key-value pairs similar to the example above. When entering the value for `<dashboard-name>.json`, click **Read from File** to upload the JSON data model as the value.
1. Click **Create**.
```
